Which of the following describes the 2nd block encryption output of CBC mode (C2). The followings are given: E (an encryption cipher function), K (the key). C1 (the cipher output from the 1st block encryption), P2 (the plaintext for the 2nd block), and XOR (and exclusive-or function). For example, XOR(x,y) indicate the bit-by-bit XOR between the two bit vectors x and y, and E(K,P2) is the encryption output when using the key K and the plaintext P2.|C2 = E(K,XOR(C1,P2))
Which of the following operation modes do not require padding (if the data does not fill the block)? Check all that applies.|CTR$CFB$OFB
Which of the followings describe the 2nd block encryption output (C2) of OFB mode? The followings are given: E (an encryption cipher function), K (the key). C1 (the cipher output from the 1st block encryption), P2 (the plaintext for the 2nd block), P1 (the plaintext for the 1st block), and XOR (and exclusive-or function). For example, XOR(x,y) indicate the bit-by-bit XOR between the two bit vectors x and y, and E(K,P1) is the encryption output when using the key K and the plaintext P1.|C2 = XOR(P2,E(K,XOR(C1,P1)))
Suppose a small, low-power device experiences that a real-time computation of the encryption/decryption function is burdensome (e.g., serving as the bottleneck of the performance) and wants to compute the encryption/decryption functions offline (e.g., computed before the plaintext/ciphertext). Which of the following block cipher operation modes support such feature? Check all that applies.|CTR$OFB
You are given a block cipher with a block size of 64 bits. Given a data input of 32 bits, how many bits do you need to pad if the using the ECB operation mode?|32
You are given a block cipher with a block size of 64 bits. Given a data input of 32 bits, how many bits do you need to pad if the using the CFB operation mode?|0
Alice and Bob is not synchronized in time, and their clock frequency is different. Which of the block cipher operation modes would be affected by such lack of synchronization? Check all that applies.|CTR
Suppose Pi indicates the plaintext input for the block cipher i from the sender's perspective, e.g., P2 is the plaintext input for the 2nd block cipher, and Ci is the ciphertext input for the block cipher i from the receiver's perspective. (If there were no errors, Ci is also the ciphertext output of the block cipher i from the sender.) Which of the following scenarios causing errors affect C3 (and cause error in C3)? Select all that applies.|Error occurs on P2 for CFB Mode.$Error occurs on P1 for CBC Mode.