Alice and Bob wants to communicate with each other. They first use Diffie-Hellman Key Exchange protocol to establish a session key and then use the session key to encrypt the messages from Alice to Bob. An attacker eavesdrops on the resulting ciphertext and conducts a brute-force attack on the encryption. Suppose the attacker succeeds in her brute-force search. Which of the followings remain secure (secret against the attacker)? Select all that applies.|Alice's private key$Bob's private key
Which of the followings is the most temporary by design?|Nonce
What are the purposes of a nonce in key distribution? Select all that applies.|To connect the response to the corresponding communication
There are 5 computers (hardware. Each computer hosts 4 virtual machines (VM) with different addresses, and each VM hosts 10 applications. How many key exchange sessions (in one session, two logical parties share a key) are needed if the decentralized key distribution is used so that all VM's share a pair-wise keys?|190
(This problem has the same setup as the previous question but asks a different question.) There are 5 computers (hardware. Each computer hosts 4 virtual machines (VM) with different addresses, and each VM hosts 10 applications. How many key exchange sessions (in one session, two logical parties share a key) are needed if the decentralized key distribution is used so that all applications share a pair-wise keys?|19900
Which of the followings are needed for a CA to generate a digital certificate?|The public key of the user (the certificate subject)$The request for the user's certificate$The private key of CA
Which of the followings are required to verify the signature of the digital certificate signed by a CA?|The public key of CA$The certificate itself
Which of the following statements are true? Select all that applies.|Digital certificates can be requested before using it to share the public key.$Once receiving the digital certificates signed by a Certificate Authority (CA), a user can share it with anybody whom it wants to communicate.
Which of the followings are the PKI's responsibilities? Select all that applies.|Create certificates$Distribute certificates$Manage certificates$Revoke certificates$Store certificates