There are five red balls, three yellow balls, and four green balls in a bin. In each event, you pick one ball from the bin and observe the color of the ball. The balls are only distinguishable by their colors. After observation, you put the ball back into the bin. What is the probability of choosing a red ball in an event? Express your answer upto three decimal digits, e.g., 0.352.|0.416
As was in the previous question (the same setup with the previous question), there are five red balls, three yellow balls, and four green balls in a bin. In each event, you pick one ball from the bin and observe the color of the ball. The balls are only distinguishable with their colors. After observation, you put the ball back into the bin. What is the information entropy for one event (pick ball once) in bits? Express your answer upto three decimal digits.|1.554
As was in the previous question (the same setup with the previous question), there are five red balls, three yellow balls, and four green balls in a bin. In each event, you pick one ball from the bin and observe the color of the ball. The balls are only distinguishable with their colors. After observation, you put the ball back into the bin. What is the information entropy for five events in bits?|7.772
As was in the previous question (the same setup with the previous question), there are five red balls, three yellow balls, and four green balls in a bin. In each event, you pick one ball from the bin and observe the color of the ball. The balls are only distinguishable with their colors. After observation, you put the ball back into the bin. You can re-color or re-paint one ball of your choice to any of the three colors (red, yellow, green). Which ball would you re-color and to which color in order to maximize the entropy?|Re-color a red ball to yellow
Now, the bin contains 12 green balls. In each event, you pick one ball from the bin and observe the color of the ball. The balls are only distinguishable with their colors. After observation, you put the ball back into the bin. What is the entropy value for five events in bits?|0