In which of the following threat scenarios, can digital signature be useful (to counter)? Digital signature can also used to ensure time integrity, e.g., protect the integrity of the timestamp.|A network manager, A, transmits a message to a computer, B, under its management. The message instructs computer B to update an authorization file to include the identities of a number of new users who are to be given access to that computer. An attacker intercepts the message, alters its contents to add or delete entries, and then forwards the message to B, which accepts the message as coming from manager A and updates its authorization file accordingly.$An employee is fired without warning. The personnel manager sends a message to a server system to invalidate the employee's account. When the invalidation is accomplished, the server is to post a notice to the employee's file as confirmation of the action. The employee (the attacker) is able to intercept the message and delay it long enough to make a final access to the server to retrieve sensitive information. The message is then forwarded, the action taken, and the confirmation posted.$A message is sent from a customer to a stockbroker with instructions for various transactions. Subsequently, the investments lose value and the customer denies sending the message.$A network manager, A, transmits a message to a computer, B, under its management. The message instructs computer B to update an authorization file to include the identities of a number of new users who are to be given access to that computer. Rather than intercepting a message, an attacker constructs its own message with the desired entries and transmits that message to B as if it had come from manager A. Computer B accepts the message as coming from manager A and updates its authorization file accordingly.
Which of the following statements are true about digital signature?|Digital signature is typically smaller than the data size.$Digital signature tends to require more computational resources than message authentication$Digital signature is based on asymmetric/public-key cryptography
Which of the followings is not a requirement for digital signatures?|Verifiable by a trusted third party
For RSA Signature and Digital Signature Standard (DSS), how does the sender generate the digital signature given the message, p?|Takes the hash of the p and then encrypting using its private key